README.md, before:

# Faceshields
This repository is to keep track of novel designs of face mask for medical professional to use in critical times

At this time these files are not meant to be mass produced in anyway. As of right now, this is for prototyping different designs.

# Resources:
Prusa Face Shield
https://blog.prusaprinters.org/from-design-to-mass-3d-printing-of-medical-shields-in-three-days/


# Working Fusion Model:  
-Live Link V2 https://a360.co/2QAGLOJ  
-Redrew the base sketch b/c of difficulty with resulting geometry. V2 and V1 should be the same if you want to print, but V2 geometry and modeling history should be much cleaner if anyone want to make edits and changes.  
-Live Link V1 https://a360.co/3aa4ZHn   
-UPDATE 3/21/2020 3:40 A version of an RC1 model is complete, about to make first print now. I compared the two in Cura and both look almost identical visually.  
-UPDATE 3/21/2020 3:15 Model is solid and all features except the hexagons cutouts on the inner band are present. About to print a test to compare with original now.  
-This will bring you to the most current version of the Fusion360 file that is being created to replicate the Prusa Model. Will update when it is finalized. Figured I'd upload now that I've got the base sketch complete. Believe everything is to scale based on what I could measure from the initial model. Tried to make the sketch as simple as possible so it could be altered as easily as possible. This is for Prusa's V1 that is more compact. Will begin work on converting Prusa's V2 when complete.

Commit message:

Added Live Link for Fusion Prusa RC2 Model

README.md, after:

# Faceshields
This repository is to keep track of novel designs of face mask for medical professional to use in critical times

At this time these files are not meant to be mass produced in anyway. As of right now, this is for prototyping different designs.

# Resources:
Prusa Face Shield
https://blog.prusaprinters.org/from-design-to-mass-3d-printing-of-medical-shields-in-three-days/


# Working Fusion Model:  
-Live Link Prusa RC2 V1 https://a360.co/3beMKk8  
-More straight lines in this model, much easier to sketch. Haven't test any prints, but model seems to be correct.  
-Live Link Prusa RC1 V2 https://a360.co/2QAGLOJ  
-Redrew the base sketch b/c of difficulty with resulting geometry. V2 and V1 should be the same if you want to print, but V2 geometry and modeling history should be much cleaner if anyone want to make edits and changes.  
-Live Link Prusa RC1 V1 https://a360.co/3aa4ZHn   
-UPDATE 3/21/2020 3:40 A version of an RC1 model is complete, about to make first print now. I compared the two in Cura and both look almost identical visually.  
-UPDATE 3/21/2020 3:15 Model is solid and all features except the hexagons cutouts on the inner band are present. About to print a test to compare with original now.  
-This will bring you to the most current version of the Fusion360 file that is being created to replicate the Prusa Model. Will update when it is finalized. Figured I'd upload now that I've got the base sketch complete. Believe everything is to scale based on what I could measure from the initial model. Tried to make the sketch as simple as possible so it could be altered as easily as possible. This is for Prusa's V1 that is more compact. Will begin work on converting Prusa's V2 when complete.
